Add a memory resource based on cudaMallocAsync (#4900)
NVIDIA/DALI: docs/advanced_topics_performance_tuning.rst

``DALI_USE_PINNED_MEM_POOL=0`` in the environment.

For device memory, DALI uses a stream-aware memory pool built on top of CUDA VMM resource
(if the platform supports VMM). It can be changed to ``cudaMallocAsync`` or even plain
``cudaMalloc``.
In order to skip memory pool entirely and use ``cudaMalloc`` (not recommended), set
``DALI_USE_DEVICE_MEM_POOL=0``.
Set ``DALI_USE_CUDA_MALLOC_ASYNC=1`` to use ``cudaMallocAsync`` instead of DALI's internal memory
pool.
When using the memory pool (``DALI_USE_DEVICE_MEM_POOL=1`` or unset), you can disable the use of
VMM by setting ``DALI_USE_VMM=0``. This will cause ``cudaMalloc`` to be used as an upstream memory
resource for the internal memory pool.

> Using ``cudaMallocAsync`` results in slightly slower execution, but it enables memory pool sharing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using ``cudaMallocAsync`` results in execution time dependent on the CUDA toolkit and driver version, but it enables memory pool sharing
```
I don't think we can for sure claim that is slower in all cases.

Author: I can add some weasel word like "typically" and call it a day.
